To my committee,

Since my defense, I've taken a little time off and also completed my
job-hunting.  Now I am back to finishing the dissertation.  This message
provides an update on that, an overview of what remains, and other
miscellaneous news.

DISSERTATION UPDATE & SCHEDULE

I have posted an update of my dissertation at
    http://www.cc.gatech.edu/~yannis/fc++/BriDiss/
Chapters 1 and 2 are now complete; recall that Chapter 2 (FC++)
comprises the bulk of the whole document.  The main changes since
you-all last saw the document are that a number of subsections in the
FC++ chapter are finally complete (written or re-written).  The details
of the changes are described below.  Please feel free to offer any new
feedback on these two chapters.

By the end of this month the whole document will be complete; I will
send you-all a couple more updates along the way as other chapters
reach completion.

The final dissertation must be submitted to Georgia Tech on July 12.

Georgia Tech's new policy of electronic dissertation submission has
reduced the number of forms and papers; I think you-all will only need
to sign a single form once everything meets your approval.  I will
inform you of any/all the details regarding paperwork/forms when I send
you my next update in a week or so.

DISSERTATION CHANGES: DETAILS

There are a number of minor changes throughout the first two chapters
(based on proofreading and feedback from you-all), but the main changes
involve these sections:

         II. FC++: 
         ---------
         ...
         Description of advanced library features
   2.3.2  - monads                                            rewritten
   2.3.3  - static analysis/error checking                    written
   2.3.5  - lists: strict, generalized interface              written
         Applications
   2.4.3  - other (customers, everyday stuff)                 written
         Pragmatics
   2.5.4  - lambda, sugars                                    rewritten
   2.6   Discussion: summarize how FC++ supports the thesis   written

REMAINING WORK

There are still a handful of subsections in Chapters 3, 4, & 6 that
need work.  Chapter 5 (related work) will be lifted nearly intact from
my proposal document.  As a reminder, you can see the state the
dissertation was in at the time of my defense at
   http://www.cc.gatech.edu/~yannis/fc++/BriDiss/cover-letter.txt

OTHER MISCELLANY

I am happy to report that I accepted an offer to work at Microsoft; I
will probably start work there in late August.

I will be out of town June 24-30, but will still be in touch via email
(and doing work on the dissertation) during that week.

You can retrieve this message and the latest draft of my dissertation at
    http://www.cc.gatech.edu/~yannis/fc++/BriDiss/

That's all for now.  Thanks for reading,
   Brian

